Update introduction.mdx (#111)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/integration/swapping-and-aggregation/running-a-broker/introduction.mdx

## Earning Fees as a Broker

> Broker operators can choose to charge a fee for the use of their endpoint, and can be set at any value from 1 basis point to 1000 basis points. This fee is taken in the deposit asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broker operators can choose to charge a fee for the use of their endpoint. The fee is denominated in basis points, where a basis point is defined as 1/100th of a percentile and limited to 1000 basis points (equivalent to 10%). This fee is taken in the deposit asset and credited to the broker's account.
```

(FWIW we currently don't limit the basis points but by the time we launch we will).
